when Warren Buffett moves 33 billion
dollars we better be listening in
today's video I'm going to show you what
he did I'm going to explain it all in
depth we're going to look at the economy
each step each stage and I'm going to
show you what you need to do about it
all here in this video stay tuned
beginning with the talk of recession you
are going to hear recession here and
there every single day and now markets
are simply ignoring it all together
they're tired of it and I get it I am
too what did Warren Buffett do though
let's take a look first things first
Warren Buffett may be bracing for a
recession and Michael burry's latest big
short is a good move well quite frankly
he's lost a lot on that Big Move that he
did make that I covered in a previous
video but let's talk about Warren
Buffett for today Berkshire Hathaway
sold a net 8 billion dollars of stocks
and added to its cash Pile in the second
and quarter that's important but hey
wait a second I thought we were talking
about 33 billion dollars well let me
show you you can see right here the
sprawling conglomerate has now disposed
of a net 33 billion dollars of stocks
over the last three quarters fueling a
38 billion dollar increase in its thash
of cash cash equivalents and treasury
bills during that time so right here
you've got them doing less of the stock
BuyBacks which isn't a good sign as well
because that means they don't think the
stock will go higher and they're
unwilling to put more cash into that so
you've got them selling 33 billion
dollars of stock over the last little
while they're adding to the cash
position and they would rather have that
few percent that they're gonna get from
holding treasuries rather than put it
into a stock which may or may not grow
from this point on it it's important to
note the way that Warren Buffett works
is very different from a lot of other
investors he's willing to take 10 years
20 years for that investment to come
through where he can multiply the value
so if he puts in a million bucks he
wants to get two three four five million
but doesn't need it tomorrow he doesn't
need to trade for capital appreciation
immediately and take a big risk he wants
to know where is this going to be in 10
years and if there's some fluctuations
along the way okay I'm willing to take
it in this case here he's not willing to
put more money into the stocks that many
people have been you know thrusting
themselves into right now that doesn't
mean that he's selling all of his stocks
it just means that he's positioning for
more difficulty and less value he
doesn't doesn't see the value there and
people were saying in 2012 20. he's old
he's done he's finished he doesn't know
what he's talking about and yet in 2020
things started to change and then oh by
the way he's a genius again that's the
way the investing World works the point
that we have to take from this is that
he seems to be looking at less value
coming through in the next year and so
that's why he's making these moves let
me show you what's next here we can look
at the data itself this is the job
openings and you could see that this
declined over the last little while
coming off of real high peak and so that
tells us
finally things are coming back to normal
in the job market okay we have this
total hires and quits both coming back
down reverting to where they were before
2020. we want to see this okay this is
healthy stocks are not pricing in
recession we know that to be the case
and here is yet another chart showing
that I can show you a thousand I've been
looking at the indicators today and uh
things are really out of whack when you
look at it on the monthly basis of
course we are in bullish control right
now on a weekly basis it's bearish
control that might change by Friday and
on a daily basis it's bullish control as
well the Bulls are in charge right now
here today all right I can break that
down I can do that I do that with the
mentorship group uh for everybody and
actually dissect that but of course only
a handful of people in there so so
um what I can show you though is that
the regional fed indicators like the
actual indicators that the Federal
Reserve is going to use show
unequivocally recession recession
recession and yet the stock market is
saying no no I'm not dealing with that
so I mean that's just the way it goes
right Dallas fed manufacturing Outlook
production down they're in a recession
as well so there's like a thousand
different indicators of recession okay
you could look at so many of them but
does that mean that that's going to
affect your stock prices that your
employer is going to fire you not
necessarily not necessarily let me talk
about these couple quick points you've
got a net 33 billion dollars in sales
from Buffett and that should be a
warning sign he sees something going on
okay recession indicators aren't off the
charts but markets don't care and I
think that's pretty clear middle class
can't keep up all right and I'm going to
show you some stuff here some charge
some articles
why will it get worse can you tell me
that can you think about that I'm going
to show you why that is in fact the case
I've got something I've been talking
about a little while here
um and it's starting to get very serious
if you appreciate this information so
far hit that thumbs up button it does
support the channel investing over the
long term can be extremely difficult we
have to cut through all the nonsense and
get the right information what I'm
showing you here is Seeking Alpha
they're the sponsor of the day I want to
show you something you're going to get
the latest trending analysis when a
government or an industry is affected by
some news some information that comes
out some new regulation there's going to
be stocks that are affected by that and
in Seeking Alpha you're able to get that
information instantly these changes have
an immediate impact or could be over the
long term and if you're aware of it
you're going to be able to take take
advantage you're going to see Seeking
Alpha analyst ratings you're going to
see that compared to the Wall Street
ones as well as the Quant ratings they
give a whole breakdown you're going to
get a lot of information all at a glance
they also have another option which is
their Alpha picks which has actually
outperformed the market significantly as
you can see right here portfolio Total
return Alpha picks 43 S P 500 16 okay so
that's for the alpha picks they do an
excellent job of what I'm saying to here
when we look at the government and what
the changes that they're making and the
industries you got to be on top of that
you've got to understand it and that's
what Seeking Alpha does you could
receive the emails based on these things
that you're interested in whether it's
ETFs you can have it all set up for you
so that you only get the information
that you need it was a 200 approximate
mentally and I thought that was per
month and I thought it was reasonable
then they said it was per year so that
was a big shocker for me 50 bucks off
right now with a link in the description
I hope that you'll click that I hope
that you use it and get that free trial
just check it out click that link Rising
gasoline prices hit inflation weary
Americans okay it's not gonna hit Jeff
Bezos inflation is not going to hit
Billy G it's not going to hit all the
rich it's going to hit the middle class
and of course those below they are going
to really feel and guess what they
already are I'm seeing people that are
making 200 Grand a year that are
suffering why because their housing
costs have gone up so dramatically
everything was fine a couple years ago
and now suddenly this thing is through
the roof and you might think well that
was mismanagement of their spending and
so on some cases but not all okay
because for instance if somebody has a
mortgage in Canada Australia wherever
now you know three years pass that
mortgage has to be refinanced
renegotiated and now their mortgage is
now double whoa this is a big difference
it's a big change and people are
suffering but we're going to talk about
what you as the individual can do
isn't that good well I want to show you
that I'll show you that at the end
look at this countries are now in a more
fragile environment they've used a lot
of their fiscal resources to deal with
the 2020 situation then you have policy
driven forces geo-economic free
fragmentation trade tensions the
decoupling between the west and China so
many different things have been adding
here and of course you've got all of
these inflationary pressures and so on
that's from the IMF so they talk about
the stuff I always do I thought it was
just interesting to come out and see it
from the IMF as they they do the reports
I would say are generally on point I
don't like their group but anyway that's
the IMF okay so we have these things all
adding up your job your job though is
like your big corporations right now
they are actively engaging in trying to
eliminate your jobs if you don't think
so well
um I mean this is this video is part of
the non-fiction section okay it's not
the fiction we're taught we're in the
non-fiction section and while you might
see some robots and you might hear about
all this artificial intelligence and
most of it is not very good let me tell
you when it comes to these labor jobs
Factory workers and so on they are
pushing hard and when I talk about
Factory workers I'm talking about you
know the fast food workers it could be a
chef it could be anything
where it's sort of monotonous it's the
same thing all the time this is just one
little video if I can get it to play but
you can see for yourself it's a forklift
it's moving itself around you've
probably seen these things before
something similar and they're testing it
they're working on it yeah it's going to
take a little while I get that but the
point is that these are the kind of
things that will be implemented that
will displace jobs that suddenly people
are going to have to get a lot less
picky about the positions that they are
in so learn the skills today and we'll
talk more about that later homeowner
stress bursts in into Canada's bank's
mortgage data so finally it's coming out
there of course you've got rates over
seven percent it's going to hurt it's
really going to hurt people China's
Banks cut rates on mortgages and
deposits in stimulus push China is
trying their best to stimulate and I
think I believe that this right now is
going to be the beginning of the next
stage of stimulus and that's why things
are about to get worse you stated to
this point of the video and of course
you got the message they are all going
to go into the next level at some point
in the near future could start with
China other central banks Chile Brazil
and others have started to go and
reverse course and Inc decrease their
interest rates going in that route and
what does this mean
well of course more inflation is the
result more inflation on top of
everything that you are dealing with
there is more coming so we have to
prepare accordingly stick with me okay
I'm going to talk about it student loans
I do quote this all the time 400 so
essentially what we're looking at right
now Barclays did a study and they
basically said okay of all the debt the
student loan moratoriums are finishing
September to October time frame and that
means everybody's got to start paying
them again on average I was quoting you
four hundred dollars it is approximately
390 dollars I just wanted to show you
that we can always say 400 rounded up
but I wanted to give you the exact
number because I do believe that uh
getting you the information as detailed
as possible is important so look at that
you could see four hundred dollars were
they getting this money from they're
already pushed to the limits
interestingly a lot of employers are
starting to offer student loan repayment
as as a perk hey come on come get hired
here will help you pay your student
bills
that shows you that the circumstance is
crazy
it's wild
okay look at what's going on around you
though you've got billions being spent I
don't know where but let me tell you
this is just an article or out of uh on
Twitter anyway but it's just showing you
uh what happened inside of the subway in
New York things are falling apart I
think it was a hundred year old uh water
main or something and you could see that
it burst the guy is standing knee-deep
inside the subway it's everywhere though
it's all over the place you've got crime
like this San Francisco Nordstrom closes
after nearly three decades in business
amid a rising crime it's not just crime
that's the problem there's there's more
there's the economic aspect but it
stretches out further what about
Australia Woolworths and coals are
saying that they have a material impact
to their bottom line due to theft so
we've got this all together you hear
what I'm saying here we've got recession
we've got the inflation that's taking
hold we've got people that have to pay
back their student bills all of these
things piling on top at the same time
you've got a infrastructure falling
apart they've got to spend more money
right if they want to fix it they got to
spend more money but at the same time
you've got crime that has risen do you
see all the points connecting do you see
how this all comes together these are
the dots that I'm trying to connect for
you yeah it takes me 15 minutes to get
there but I'm trying to actually give
you every piece of information you need
to make the right decision for yourself
okay if you want to be able to do this
regularly with me all the information
that you need is on Discord if you want
to join Over 1200 people every single
day chatting back and forth get on the
Discord say hi when you come on in
there's going to be so much more stuff
in there I'm telling you and I'm gonna
try to figure out how to do the
giveaways and stuff so you definitely
want to get on there hit that link in
the description okay
and then the comment of the day
everybody's new favorite part of the
episode by the way I am no uh by the way
this is the 12th seahorse says I'm no
Financial expert but when a company
loses credibility it loses credibility
who's going to invest their hard-earned
money in an underperformer this was
talking about evergrand and uh that's
more than an underperformer I mean that
thing is just slaughtered and that's the
truth it's that nobody really feels
confident not just an Ever Grande or
Country Garden or a lot of these other
companies they're looking at it and
they're saying whoa and that's part of
what happened with the tech industry
back in 2000 where you know it was a lot
of investors saying I don't want to
touch that Tech stuff because it just
blew up and so we've got to be mindful
okay we've got to be mindful I think
it's very important really quickly what
you've got to do Insider sales and major
moves that go on okay you can find all
of this information out I have a video
on my channel if you go to the to my
channel you scroll down to the bottom
right there you should see all the
playlists one of them is the easy
e-course and you can go in there and see
when Warren Buffett makes a move when
Michael burry makes a move all that
stuff I did it and there's two different
videos in there you could check out okay
be mindful of your time is there a
Dollar return on it so sometimes you're
just scrolling through Instagram you
know you're doing stuff that's nonsense
and you know these things need to be
addressed you can't spend that time
you've got to realize that that time
needs to maybe it's family time that's
different doesn't need to bring you a
dollar value in that sense but you've
got to balance that out with time that
brings you that cash in it's very
important more now than ever before we
got to get serious but we're already
linked if we're starting today but
better late than never
we be comfortable with the uncomfortable
and that means potentially learning a
new skill that means you know go on to
class Central if you want to learn about
AI robotics automation if you want to
learn different types of skills they've
got them all on YouTube you can you know
check my stuff out on the Discord
there's lots of stuff in there to you
know get familiar with you've got to
adapt to the times they're changing but
I know you can do it if you want any
help from me directly just message me on
Discord let's get talking on there I'll
see you soon take care